feat(unity): Added additional platforms to native support (#5109)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/unity/native-support/index.mdx

</Note>

## Mobile

> The native crash support for Android and iOS is achieved by modifying the generated platform specific projects during build time. That way the Sentry native crash support gets initialized before Unity, making it possible to capture errors of the Unity engine itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The native crash support for Android and iOS is achieved by modifying the generated platform-specific projects during build time. That way, the Sentry native crash support gets initialized before Unity, making it possible to capture errors of the Unity engine itself.
```

### Android

When chosing Android as a build target, Unity creates a Gradle project. During the Unity build process, the SDK embeds the [Android SDK](/platforms/android/), as well as the provided options, by adding it to the generated project's Android Manifest.

### iOS

When building your game for iOS, Unity exports it as an Xcode project. By modifying that generated project, the SDK adds the [iOS SDK](/platforms/apple/guides/ios/) to provide native support. It adds the initialization code to the `main.m` and generates the options provided by the editor configuration window as `SentryOptions.m`. The SDK also copies the `SentryNativeBridge` that enables the C# layer to communicate with the iOS SDK. This means that there's no need to use the Unity [built-in crash reporting](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/CrashReport.html) functionality.

The [iOS SDK](/platforms/apple/guides/ios/) supports capturing Objective-C exceptions which are disabled in the generated Xcode project by default. Consider enabling them in the "Build Settings" tab by setting `GCC_ENABLE_OBJC_EXCEPTIONS` to true.

## Desktop

> The native support is configured and enabled as early as possible by the C# layer, right after the Unity engine starts. This is slightly different than on Mobile where we inject native initialization code that runs before the Unity engine runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The native support is configured and enabled as early as possible by the C# layer, right after the Unity engine starts. This is slightly different from on mobile where we inject native initialization code that runs before the Unity engine runs.
```

### Windows

> On Windows the Unity SDK includes the [Native SDK](/platforms/native/) with the crashpad backend. Windows native crashes are automatically captured through minidumps. To upload these to Sentry, the SDK copies the `crashpad_handler.exe` to the build output directory at the end of the build process. This executable must be included when shipping your game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows, the Unity SDK includes the [Native SDK](/platforms/native/) with the crashpad backend. Windows native crashes are automatically captured through minidumps. To upload these to Sentry, the SDK copies the `crashpad_handler.exe` to the build output directory at the end of the build process. This executable must be included when shipping your game.
```

1. `dSYM` files available only **after** App Store Connect finishes processing the build
2. `BCSymbolMap` files that are created during the archiving process

The automated symbol upload will take care of the `BCSymbolMap` files by processing them during the archiving process. To provide the dSYM files to Sentry, you can either set up the [Sentry App Store Connect Integration](/platforms/apple/guides/ios/dsym/#bitcode-appstore) so Sentry can fetch them for you, or download them from Apple and then upload them [manually using sentry-cli](/platforms/apple/guides/ios/dsym/#bitcode-sentrycli).

With `bitcode` disabled, the automated symbols upload will pick up the `dSYM` files at the end of the build process without further action required.

### Manual Upload Using sentry-cli

> If you do not want to rely on the automated symbol upload, you can run `sentry-cli` through the commandline. For that you can use the provided executables from within the package or follow the [sentry-cli documentation](/product/cli/installation/) to make it available globally. To upload debug symbols, run it with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to rely on the automated symbol upload, you can run `sentry-cli` through the commandline. For that, you can use the provided executables from within the package or follow the [sentry-cli documentation](/product/cli/installation/) to make it available globally. To upload debug symbols, run it with:
```
